---
title: "Version 2023.14.0 (May 2023)"
date: 2023-05-01
draft: false
summary: "Name your Vehicle, New Gear Guard App with Drive Cam, New Charge Limit Slider, Additional Improvements"
---
Build: 9804525e

## Update Details

### NAME YOUR VEHICLE
You can now customize your vehicle name in **Settings > About** on the center display or in the Rivian mobile app version 1.13 or later.

### NEW GEAR GUARD APP WITH DRIVE CAM
The new Gear Guard app with Drive Cam allows you to:

* Use Motion Cam, the former Gear Guard camera function, to record motion and alarm events that are saved to internal storage while you are away from your vehicle.
* Record an entire drive with the Gear Guard cameras (requires an external USB storage device). You can review your entire drive recording by plugging the USB device into a PC or Mac.
* Record a 2-minute Drive Clips when you choose **Save Clip** in the center display or when you honk the horn for more than one second (requires an external USB storage device).
* View 2-minute recording that are automatically saved to internal storage during incidents such as hard braking or a collision. These recordings (and Drive Clips as well) include an additional 15 seconds of pre-incident footage.
* Browse Drive Clips, Incidents, and Motion Cam events in the Gear Guard app.

> **NOTES**
> * The Drive Cam feature requires an external USB storage device of at least 128 GB with a maximum supported capacity of 2 TB.
> * We recommend devices that are rated for USB 3.0+, are compatible with USB 2.0, and support 20 MB/s (megabytes, not bits) of random write speed. Use an SSD device for best performance.
>  * We have observed some interoperability issues in our testing, and we are working to expand the list of compatible devices.

### NEW CHARGE LIMIT SLIDER
You can now drag the slider on the battery image to adjust the vehicle charge limit in 1% increments between 50% and 100% (Custom). This is available on the center display and in the Rivian mobile app version 1.13 and later.

## Software Version 2023.10.03

### ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS
* Added a new security feature that sounds an error chime if you actively try to lock your vehicle with the cabin doors, front trunk, or Gear Tunnel still open.
* Moved information about your Rivian vehicle, such as odometer and Trip A and B computer, to Settings. Go to **Settings > About**.
* Added an option to extend your vehicle power outlet use from 24 hours to up to 3 days while the vehicle is parked
  >**NOTE**
  >
  >Outlets turn off automatically when the vehicle reaches a low battery range of approximately 30 mi (48 km).
* Driver+ Improvements
  * Lowered frequency of Adaptive Cruise Control and Highway Assist disengagements by reducing front camera sensitivity to certain environmental and lighting conditions, such as driving toward the sun or in rain.
  * Smoother lane centering performance on curvy roads while Highway Assist is engaged.
  * Smoother Lane Keeping Assist intervention.
* Cabin Comfort Improvements
  * Improved cabin heating by limited fan speed during initial warm-up phase to prevent cold air from blowing on passengers.
  * Removed fan level 0 to prevent accidental turnoff of the air conditioning when reducing fan speed.
  * Improved efficiency by turning off a seat’s heating or ventilation when the driver or a passenger exits the seat, and resuming heating or ventilation when someone returns to the seat.
* Mobile App Integration Improvements
  * Added a Service mode status in the mobile app 1.13 or later that appears when service personnel actively work on your vehicle in the Rivian Service Center.
  * Resolved an intermittent issue that prevented turning on the seat heater from the mobile app.
* Media Improvements
  * For your privacy, added the ability to enable or disable fine location in TuneIn®, and disabled it by default.
  * Fixed an intermittent issue where music wouldn’t autoplay on *Bluetooth®* media after certain phones were connected.
  * Fixed an intermittent issue where Bluetooth media player cover art was still visible on the center display after a phone was disconnected.
  * Fixed an issue where the Spotify® logo would not appear after login to the application.
* When you active Car Wash mode, the charge port door (if open) now closes.
* Fixed a rare issue where the mobile app didn’t show the correct vehicle status over cellular.
* Improved phone battery life consumption when your phone is set up as a key and you are near the vehicle.
* Fixed a rare issue where the vehicle locked from far away when your phone was set up as a key.
* Fixed a rare issue where the status bar and domain bar on the center display would restart.
* Fixed a rare issue where the driver display’s warning of reduced 12 V battery health wouldn’t appear.