---
title: "Version 2023.18.0 (June 2023)"
date: 2023-06-01
draft: false
summary: "Scheduled Charging in the Rivian Mobile App, Additional Improvements"
---
Build: 53d28876

## Update Details

### SCHEDULED CHARGING IN THE RIVIAN MOBILE APP
Scheduled charging is now available in the Rivian mobile app version 1.13 or later. From your mobile app's Vehicle tab, pull up the dashboard and scroll to Charging. Then go to **Manage** > **Schedule**.

### ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS
* Added the ability to open the Gear Tunnel doors with the Rivian mobile app version 1.14 or later. Improved the performance consistency of opening the tailgate.
* You can now share addresses from the Yelp website or app on your smartphone to the vehicle using the Rivian mobile app.
* Fixed a rare issue that caused DC charging to fail until you restarted the vehicle.

* Driver+ Improvements
  * Improved lane centering performance for Highway Assist.
  * Fixed a rare issue that displayed an incorrect explanation of why Highway Assist wasn't available.
  
* Usability Improvements for the Media App
  * Enhanced button placement.
  * Added a new Play icon for an artist in Spotify°.
  * Added a new Status icon to indicate if an audio track is loading.
  * Fixed an issue so that two-line titles are properly displayed.
  * Fixed a rare issue in which the audio panel description didn't update when you removed a song from your Favorites list in Spotify.
  * Fixed a rare issue that didn't allow the media source icon to appear in the audio panel.
  
* Proximity Locking and Unlocking Improvements
  * Improved Bluetooth® Low Energy connection reliability for better proximity unlocking performance of Android™ phone keys.
  * Improved proximity locking when the tailgate is open.
  * Fixed a very rare issue in which adding a new phone as a key removed a previously paired phone.
  * Fixed a rare issue in which proximity locking and unlocking status was incorrect for a certain key on the center display.
  
* Fixed issues within the user interface for Drive Cam to improve usability. Also addressed issues so you can switch between views and select a notification without having to restart the Gear Guard app.
* Fixed an issue: Previously, if you listened to a non-Bluetooth media source, started a Zoom call, and then switched to Bluetooth media or the Phone app on the center display, your phone may have lost audio and the microphone for the Zoom call.
* Fixed an occasional issue: Alexa occasionally didn't play music even when Alexa responded and confirmed the command to play music.
* Improved Car Wash mode functionality: If the charge port door is open, the vehicle automatically closes it when you turn on Car Wash mode.
* For your convenience, Camp Courtesy now turns off automatically when the vehicle reaches the speed of 15.5 mph (25 km/h). The vehicle lights switch to Auto mode when you turn off Camp Courtesy or the vehicle reaches the speed of 15.5 mph (25 km/h).
* Fixed a rare issue in which the fan turned off when you repeatedly used the Reduce Fan Speed button.
* Fixed a rare issue in which the Drive Modes app didn't respond after you selected an Off-Road drive mode.
* Addressed a regression with acceleration response that affected launch performance.